README.md, before:

# Limehome test app

### Before Run checklist
- Have docker installed, or node >= v10 locally
- Get a Google Places API key (Get a free one [here](https://developers.google.com/places/web-service/get-api-key))
- Create a `.env` file copying the contents of `.env.example` and replace the `GOOGLE_PLACES_API_KEY` with your own key
- Mongo should be running in your machine or run `docker-compose -f docker/docker-compose.yml up -d` to spin up a mongo db docker container.

## To make it work
#### Using Docker:
- IMPORTANT: Set up `GOOGLE_PLACES_API_KEY` in your `.env.docker` before the next step.
- Run `docker-compose -f docker/docker-compose.app.yml up -d`
- Navigate in your browser to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

#### Using Node:
__BEFORE ALL:__ 
You need to have `mongodb` running locally (either on your machine or in a docker container) 
and set the `MONGO_DB_CONNECTION` value accordingly. 

Now follow run this commands:
- `npm install`
- `npm run app`
- Navigate in your browser to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

### API Endpoints
- GET `/api/places`: List of Hotels the user can book
- POST `/api/book/:id`: Books a room in an hotel
- POST `/api/book/:id/cancel`: Cancels a booking
- GET `/api/bookings`: List of rooms booked by all users
- GET `/users/<USER_ID>/bookings`: List of rooms booked by the given user

_NOTE_: You can find the current `USER_ID` on the footer of the page

### Tests
To run the tests, just run `npm run test`

### Missing features (AKA I would need more time to implement):
[ ] Better looking UI
[ ] Login/Sign-up (Currently the user is auto-created on first session)
[ ] Better mock up for MongoDB models
[ ] More tests

Commit message:

Renamed docker-compose.yml to docker-compose.dbonly.yml

README.md, after:

# Limehome test app

### Before Run checklist
- Have docker installed, or node >= v10 locally
- Get a Google Places API key (Get a free one [here](https://developers.google.com/places/web-service/get-api-key))
- Create a `.env` file copying the contents of `.env.example` and replace the `GOOGLE_PLACES_API_KEY` with your own key
- Mongo should be running in your machine or run `docker-compose -f docker/docker-compose.dbonly.yml up -d` to spin up a mongo db docker container.

## To make it work
#### Using Docker:
- _IMPORTANT_: Set up `GOOGLE_PLACES_API_KEY` in your `.env.docker` *BEFORE* the next step.
- Run `docker-compose -f docker/docker-compose.app.yml up -d`
- Navigate in your browser to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

#### Using Node:
__BEFORE ALL:__ 
You need to have `mongodb` running locally (either on your machine or in a docker container) 
and set the `MONGO_DB_CONNECTION` value accordingly. 

Now run this commands:
- `npm install`
- `npm run app` (or `npm run dev` for local-dev version)
- Navigate in your browser to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

### API Endpoints
- GET `/api/places`: List of Hotels the user can book
- POST `/api/book/:id`: Books a room in an hotel
- POST `/api/book/:id/cancel`: Cancels a booking
- GET `/api/bookings`: List of rooms booked by all users
- GET `/users/<USER_ID>/bookings`: List of rooms booked by the given user

_NOTE_: You can find the current `USER_ID` on the footer of the page

### Tests
To run the tests, just run `npm run test`

### Missing features (AKA I would need more time to implement):
- [ ] Better looking UI
- [ ] Login/Sign-up (Currently the user is auto-created on first session)
- [ ] Better mock up for MongoDB models
- [ ] More tests
